README.md, before:

![](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=180&text=jishnukoliyadan&fontColor=FFFFFF&fontSize=43&fontAlign=75&fontAlignY=38&color=0:DC8D23,100:2E42D1)
<!-- ![](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=180&text=jishnukoliyadan&fontColor=FFFFFF&fontSize=43&fontAlign=75&fontAlignY=38&color=gradient) -->

# Hello there! I'm Jishnu.

<img align = 'right' alt = 'Coder GIF' height = 195 width = 290 src = 'https://blog.imarticus.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/scopet.gif'/>

<!-- ## :dragon: About Me -->

- :robot: Currently working with [Omdena/Media-Representation-of-WYM-in-Nepal](https://omdena.com/projects/ai-powered-progress-determination-on-media-representation-for-women-youth-marginalized-groups/)
- :school: A graduating [data science major](https://study.iitm.ac.in/ds/) in the [Indian Institute of Technology Madras](https://www.iitm.ac.in/).
- :seedling: Learning to Learn and exploring emerging technologies.
- :mortar_board: Mechanical Engineer by graduation, worked in and tasted the coffee :coffee: industry.



<!-- Dynamic Coloful Image Render : https://github.com/kyechan99/capsule-render -->

Commit message:

Update README with bio, projects, and goals

README.md, after:

<img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&height=180&text=jishnukoliyadan&fontColor=FFFFFF&fontSize=43&fontAlign=75&fontAlignY=38&color=0:DC8D23,100:2E42D1" alt="kyechan99/capsule-render">

## I'm Jishnu, a ML/DL Enthusiast!

<img align = 'right' alt = 'Coder GIF' height=195 width=290 src = 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jishnukoliyadan/jishnukoliyadan/main/src/programming-giphy-01.gif'/>

- I’m currently working on building my knowledge in the field of **Data Science**!

  - :school: A graduating [data science major](https://study.iitm.ac.in/ds/) in the [Indian Institute of Technology Madras](https://www.iitm.ac.in/).

  - :robot: Learning **Computer Vision**, **Natural Language Processing**.

  - :man_technologist: Learning how to deploy **Machine Learning/Deep Learning** Models

  - :alien: Enjoy **cleaning** and **organizing** data to **create meaningful insights**.

  - :star: Actively volunteered as a **ML collaborator** at Omdena.

- :robot: Building an **analytical project** using datasets from [Open Data Telangana](https://data.telangana.gov.in/) (_Currently private, going public soon_).

<img align="right" alt="GIF" height=166 width=295 src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jishnukoliyadan/jishnukoliyadan/main/src/programming-giphy-02.gif" />

- :gear: Mechanical Engineer by graduation and tasted the coffee :coffee: industry.

- :zap: Learning and exploring everyday keeps dopamine at higher high.

- :goal_net: 2025/2026 Goals : Contribute more to Open Source projects.

<!-- - :mailbox: Open to collaborating with others, reach out via [Email]() -->

<!-- - :memo: Checkout my [Resume](). -->

**:coffee: `coffee == 'perfectly brewed' ? mood = 'boosted' : '!boosted'`**
